#!/usr/bin/env python3
import os
from subprocess import check_output
import argparse

ignore_list = '''
org.gnome.totem active-plugins
org.gnome.clocks.state.window state
org.gnome.tweaks show-extensions-notice
org.gnome.desktop.input-sources mru-sources
org.gnome.desktop.input-sources sources
org.gnome.gthumb.browser sidebar-sections
org.gnome.gthumb.browser startup-location
org.gnome.gthumb.browser maximized
org.yorba.shotwell.preferences.window direct-height
org.yorba.shotwell.preferences.window direct-width
org.gnome.gthumb.general active-extensions
org.gnome.calculator window-position
org.gnome.Cheese photo-x-resolution
org.gnome.Cheese photo-y-resolution
org.gnome.Cheese video-x-resolution
org.gnome.Cheese video-y-resolution
org.gnome.Cheese camera
org.gnome.evolution-data-server migrated
org.gnome.ControlCenter last-panel
org.gnome.eog.view background-color
org.gnome.gthumb.data-migration catalogs-2-10
org.gnome.Geary migrated-config
org.gnome.gedit.plugins.filebrowser root
org.gnome.gedit.plugins.filebrowser virtual-root
org.gnome.desktop.notifications application-children
org.gnome.Evince.Default window-ratio
org.gtk.Settings.FileChooser sidebar-width
org.gtk.Settings.FileChooser window-position
org.gtk.Settings.FileChooser window-size
org.gnome.gedit.state.window side-panel-active-page
org.gnome.gedit.state.window size
org.gnome.gedit.state.window state
org.gnome.gedit.plugins active-plugins
org.gnome.shell command-history
org.gnome.shell favorite-apps
org.gnome.shell had-bluetooth-devices-setup
org.gnome.shell enabled-extensions
org.gnome.shell welcome-dialog-last-shown-version
org.gnome.desktop.background secondary-color
org.gnome.desktop.background picture-uri
org.gnome.desktop.background primary-color
org.gnome.desktop.interface gtk-im-module
org.gnome.desktop.screensaver picture-uri
org.gnome.desktop.screensaver primary-color
org.gnome.desktop.screensaver secondary-color
org.gnome.libgnomekbd.preview width
org.gnome.libgnomekbd.preview y
org.gnome.libgnomekbd.preview height
org.gnome.libgnomekbd.preview x
org.gnome.nautilus.window-state sidebar-width
org.gnome.nautilus.window-state initial-size
org.gnome.shell.weather locations
org.gnome.shell.weather automatic-location
org.gtk.Settings.ColorChooser custom-colors
org.gtk.Settings.ColorChooser selected-color
org.gnome.FileRoller.Listing show-path
org.gnome.DejaDup prompt-check
org.gnome.DejaDup backend
org.gnome.shell.extensions.unite extend-left-box
org.gnome.Weather locations
ca.desrt.dconf-editor.Settings saved-pathbar-path
ca.desrt.dconf-editor.Settings saved-view
'''.strip().rstrip().split('\n')

def main(ignore=False):
    clean_env = os.environ.copy()
    clean_env["XDG_CONFIG_HOME"] = "/nonexistent"
    default_entries = check_output(
        ['gsettings', 'list-recursively'], env=clean_env
    ).decode('utf-8').split('\n')
    entries = check_output(
        ['gsettings', 'list-recursively']).decode('utf-8').split('\n')
    diff = [i for i in entries if i not in default_entries]
    if ignore:
        diff = [i for i in diff if not any([i.startswith(j) for j in ignore_list])]
    diff = '\n'.join(diff)
    print(diff)

if __name__ == '__main__':
    pser = argparse.ArgumentParser()
    pser.add_argument('--ignore', action='store_true',
        help="Ignore information that I don't care")
    args = vars(pser.parse_args())
    main(**args)
